Add kava-relayer sub command for calculating the multi address for a node (#74)
Kava-Labs/kava-bridge: relayer/spec/03_initialization.md

unique identifier for each peer, but a verifiable link between peer and public
key as it is the hash of the peer public key.

```bash
$ kava-relayer network show-node-id  --p2p.private-key-path ./path/to/node.key
16Uiu2HAm9z3t15JpqBbPQJ1ZLHm6w1AXD6M2FXdCG3GLoY4iDcD9
```

The [multiaddress](https://github.com/multiformats/multiaddr) of a node is used
by peers when connecting to this node via the `kava-relayer connect` command.
To calculate and display the multi-address for a given node (based off the

> node id derived from it's private key and the port you intend to have the node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
node id derived from its public key and the port you intend to have the node
```
